Must you do this? We both work
for Jing Hing, man
Do what?
We're the "Water" gang, and you're "Metal",
we've nothing in common
Are you losing your mind?
The guy arguing with me, Coffee,
happens to be the head of the "Water" gang
Why are we arguing?
It was all started by his boys and mine
About what? How the hell would I know?
Actually I didn't want to step in that night
But I'm the boss,
must keep an eye on my gang...
and my reputation
- Watch what you're saying!
- OK!
Every once in a while, some big shot says...
like anybody, certain triads
love our country, too
But what's more important is, I think...
like anybody, certain triads love
their families, too
Two red lines represent the coming of a baby
Watch out!
Fxxk!
I'm OK, just a scratch!
Many of our men are still out there!
Luke!
Come over here, come on!
Watch him!
I'll go finish them for you
Be careful!
Coffee!
Only one of us can leave in one piece today!
Freeze!
Police!
On your knees!
Look, Chuck!
I'm having a baby!
You're gonna be a father!
I love you!
[Five years later]
Had I been told earlier about that,
I wouldn't have gone there
I would run home to her with a take-out
My wife loves sweet soup
We first met at a sweet-soup place
She used to be a popular young model
Her portrait album sold out faster than
those fortune-telling books
You could even buy a pillow
with her photo on it;
her news was always
in the entertainment section
Damn right! She didn't pick a rich kid
She wanted to spend the rest of
her life with me! Too bad!
If it wasn't true love, what was it?
Hello?
Another fight?
Mme
Your buttons
It was a friend of mine's birthday last night,
there was too much to drink
They had a fist-fight, so their teacher
brought them to me
I asked them to shake hands
and be friends again
But Chuck Junior pinched Fatty's hand instead
Fatty gave him a big kick back
So they fought again, nobody could stop them
OK...understood!
Like father like son, that was pretty normal
What do you want me to do?
Sorry, Ms. Principal
I understand that mothers are
under a lot of pressure
But you should model yourself as a father, too
Set a good example for your son
Actually I'm not Chuck Junior's dad,
Ms. Principal
Then how are you related to him?
I'm his dad's brother
Baby brother or big brother?
Uncle
Are you OK, Mme?
What's your position?
Uncle!
Position?
We Jing Hing are subdivided into...
"Metal", "Wood", "Water", "Fire",
and "Earth"; five gangs
I'm in charge of "Metal"
If it were a kindergarten,
no doubt the principal has the highest position
But as for the number of kids,
Mine is beyond compare
He's fxxking with you, boss
I saw it
- Let me punch him!
- No need!
Haven't you heard of "P.R.No.No"?
- It's in now!
- What's no no?
Peaceful, rational, no violence,
no fxxking bad language
No more fxxking foul mouth
Boss, today's newspaper
Remember!
Triads or not, you must pay attention to
what's happening around you,
to keep up with the times
But I hate politics!
You do?
Nowadays, buying groceries in the wet market
involves politics, too
Idiot!
They say a JP (Justice of the Peace)
is coming today
I'll help with you guys' requests
I've been bullied and beaten less and less...
since you let me join you, boss
I won't forget this
Once my boss, always my boss
Write down the requests!
OK!
Any requests or complaints? Tell me
I have
Yes?
Noble JP, how are you?
Lam is my family name
I request more books in the reading room
- Such as comic books
- Comic books?
We're all dying to read the "Teddy-boy" series,
or maybe more fortune-telling books?
One per year is enough
People say "Knowledge changes one's fortune,
and fortune determines one's character"
Also, I request more porno magazines
Such as "Playboy"
On one hand, it would quench our thirst,
on the other hand, we could improve
our foreign language skills
I guess you'll have to be
more persuasive than that
Well, a person without a sex life...
won't able to learn to respect himself,
not to mention learning to respect others
So we prisoners beat the shit out
of each other every day
However, if we were all able to jerk off,
this would be a community
of harmony and tolerance
Is that so?
I've done research on that
This newspaper clip is about prisons in Greece
It says, "Prisoners make love in
a room set up in prison"
Take a look!
A separate room in prison...
for prisoners to make love with their wives...
is a human right
They've had it since 2005
And us? 2017 will be here soon!
I will seriously consider your request
Many thanks!
Good!
OK!
A boss should take good care of his boys
The thing is, I've never seen my son...
since his birth
I should take good care of this boy first
I'm thinking of retiring when I'm out of here
Then why do I still keep my gang?
Because if I were all by myself here,
Coffee could get me killed any time
In fact, I've been trying my best
to keep a low profile,
as well as staying alert, but at the same time
maintaining "P.R.No.No"
What do you want?
- To take a pee!
- Wait a second!
Don't come near...
I'll stab him!
Sharpened your toothbrush, so cool, eh?
No more shit!
Only one of us can walk out
of here alive today!
Don't you have anything new to say, man?
Just kill me, if you wish!
You really hate my guts, don't you?
Only one of us can live
to become the Dragon Head...
when we get out anyway
Why would I want to be the Dragon Head?
Hey!
We are even now
The lab report is here
Look at your prostate
This...this...is all cancer cells
Are you fxxking sure about that?
Do you need to double-check your glasses, man?
I have cancer?
No, no! Calm down, please!
I know it's hard to accept
I started killing at 14,
became a gang leader at 20
A fortune teller said I would live to 80
How can I have cancer now?
You have one last chance to tell me again.
Do I have cancer?
Our son is growing fast
Grade 1 next year
Do you know any big shots...
who can write him a letter of recommendation?
Would a shady businessman do?
I mean Cai, the one I used
to help smuggle tobacco
He lives in Repulse Bay!
I mean for a prestigious school!
A JP
A JP who visits here is
quite willing to listen to me
Wonder when I'll see her next?
He has learned to walk, to run,
and to swear, right?
All his bad habits came from you.
He fights all the time!
Does he win, or lose?
Winning fights is no big deal
His father is never with him
His school principal often asks to talk with me
Let's not talk about our son anymore
Let me take a good look at you
OK!
You're very pretty today!
I want to see your "balls" (meaning tits)
What?
Your "balls"!
You're nuts!
I've been in here for 5 years
I haven't even got to watch a football,
not to mention yours
I love you!
Never mind about him! Lucky him. Fxxk!
OK or not?
Doing magic or what? Like a flasher!
Godfather is waiting in there, uncles
Godfather!
Hello!
How have you been?
Uncle Sky's brandy
Uncle Earth's Maotai white wine
Also Uncle Man's high quality Puer tea
Gentlemen, I'll be out there,
let me know if you need me
Coke is quite smart, he knows what we all like
- Fxxk, it was all my idea
- Pardon?
Fxxk if we had to depend on him
Have a sip
Cheers...
The reason I got you all here today is...
it's been 3 years, time for Jing Hing
to have a new Dragon Head
To save us the trouble,
why don't we let Coke serve another term?
Whatever you say
All we need is an executive Dragon Head,
simply carrying out orders
and playing no tricks behind our back
That's exactly what Coke is doing now
I have nothing against him
Everybody knows Coke is your man
His experience, his seniority,
are all perfect for his role
But let me remind you...
that we ran the whole show 3 years ago
We four nominated him,
plus the unanimous vote of all 5 gang leaders,
playing a little skin-deep democracy
Fxxk! That's why I'm setting up
a Nominations Committee here today
Speaking of that,
make sure the supporting cast
don't steal the show
By the way, someone named Wulf from "Fire"...
has been attracting a lot of attention lately,
and receiving a lot of support
Fxxk, he's an inside man
He used to be a cop! An undercover cop!
For the Commercial Crime Bureau!
That asshole talks like an opera singer!
I just don't fxxking understand
Why did Tiger Tooth take him in before?
Fxxk, forget about that inside man
- Take him off the list!
- Not him!
Also Chuck of "Metal", and Coffee of "Water",
are both getting out soon
Whoever's gonna take over,
must stay loyal to our Club,
and to us!
Being a little stupid is OK!
Fxxk! Having said that,
the supporting cast has
to play its role seriously, too
No small potato
One of Chuck's men, called Luke something,
saved Chuck's life in a fight
It's pure luck to have
someone like him these days
But Luke can't be compared to Coke
It doesn't matter
He's perfect for our supporting cast
All right, put him in then
OK
Cheers!
Hey, Wulf!
What brings you here?
Nothing big!
Just got some real good wine for the uncles
We're not celebrating anything today
Come back next year!
You don't know what you're saying
I didn't bring the wine for any occasion
Do you think I can't afford it?
OK! Let me help you with that
- To storage!
- Hold it!
No need to trouble you, Coke
I want to deliver them myself
This is my place!
It's not up to you
I'm here just for a delivery,
what trouble do you think I'd make?
I said I would help you with that!
- Don't move!
- What?
What, man?
Sorry, sorry!
I made my way here to deliver
some goodies to the uncles
The 30-year Yamazaki, for Godfather
Louis XIII, for you, Uncle Sky
The 50-year Maotai, for you, Uncle Earth
And...
this good old Puer is for you, Uncle Man
You surely know what please us, eh, kiddo!
What's all this about?
Birthday presents?
Just a token of appreciation
Yeah, right!
It will be time to pick
our new Dragon Head very soon
That's why I came
Serving Jing Hing is my greatest pleasure
The rule is that only 2 candidates are admitted
And we have just made our choices
Oh, am I too late?
Let me suggest taking one out
And putting me in
What the hell are you talking about?
Bugger off!
- What did you say?
- Who do you think you are?
Stop making noise!
Whoever is our Dragon Head...
must be well-accepted
and closely-connected with us all
So that everyone can continue with
his money-making in peace
He must stay the fxxk out of our way,
and not talk like...what's the word?
- He's reciting
- Like he's reciting something!
Now as for who the finalists are,
we've come to some kind of consensus,
and will let you know at the right time
Oh! So no deadline has been set yet!
I almost had a heart attack, man!
Well, I've opened a new place lately,
and got some new wine and chicks in
C'mon over and take a look when you're free...
and tell me what you think of how I run it
The young are always smarter than us oldies
- I'll pay you a visit sometime
- OK!
Anytime
See you
Put it down
Fxxk! Making such a big fuss...
out of such a trivial thing
Keep on dancing!
Hey! Music!
Dance!
Go get some high-fiber food for the dog
Yes!
Coke!
Get me 2 fresh killers
Also check out...
when Chuck and Coffee will be out
Yes!
The form is done, Mme
Sign here, I'll take it back
to the school for you
OK
Is Chuck really getting out tomorrow?
Yes! We'll go pick him up tomorrow
Actually I don't want him out!
Why not, Mme?
- Luke!
- Yes, Mme?
I know you like me!
What are you doing, Mme?
If not, why are you so nice to me?
No, Mme! I mean it!
Stay calm, Mme
I owe Chuck my life
I mustn't do this!
I don't believe you! I don't believe you!
No!
- I don't...
- Don't do that!
- I don't believe you!
- Stop!
I don't want to hurt you!
I have to look after you and the kid...
until Chuck is out of jail
Don't mention him anymore!
I've done more than he deserves all these years
When has he ever...
played his part as a father, as a husband?
You should know better than me
I'd better get going
Luke!
Asshole!
[Stanley Prison]
My big day today, feeling so high!
I get to touch my wife and kid very soon
I'll hug them, kiss them, this and that
It's gonna be very touching
Chuck Lam, time to leave!
It's gonna be the first time
someone calls me dad
To get promoted from a boss to a father
It's got to feel so warm that
I won't know how to react
But I will hold back my tears
I can't let my son see my soft side
Boss!
No need to come back to visit us!
Come find me when you're out!
I will!
Boss!
I hate to say good-bye!
What time is it, Sir?
- 9:30
- Thanks!
Boss!
Did you hear that?
I really thought I was conducting a concert
in the Hung Hum Coliseum
Boss!
Oh, no!
Coffee and I were jailed at the same time
Now we're getting out
at the same time, too, man?
What the heck!
Don't make us die
at the same time, too, please!
If that's so,
I would really think we were
a gay couple in our previous lives
That's why we got tangled up
with each other in this life
Chuck!
Where's my wife and kid?
- Boss!
- Chuck!
Run, Chuck! Run!
Run! Boss!
Run!
Hey! What's happening?
Stop that!
Don't!
Boss, run! Boss!
Get in the car!
A triad boss is being murdered,
and he's hiding by a prison wall
It would be highly embarrassing
if anyone found out about it
This is the worst thing that can happen to me
I've told you many times, Sir
We were all very happy waiting
outside the jail for Chuck
All of a sudden, some men jumped out
from nowhere to kill us
We ran like hell, of course!
Then you people came out to grab us
Where are you going?
I'm the victim, none of your business
I survived the killing, can't I thank
General Kwan for that?
This is a police station, not your territory
Sit down!
Why must you raise your voice?
Don't I have freedom of religion?
Go home and thank your own God!
Charge him or send him home. Be quick!
Yes, Sir!
- Sit down!
- Don't touch me!
We'll sit down ourselves
Hurry, Sir!
Do we need to keep an eye on them?
The same thing happens every time
before they get a new Dragon Head
Just do the right thing at the right time
Be decisive in enforcing our rules
Yes, Sir!
Go to Shanghai Street,
get a statue fxxking taller than
theirs to take home!
You...
You were supposed to pick me up
outside prison today
Why did you drag me back in there?
That's bad luck!
Sorry!
Never mind. It was a mess anyway
Who wanted to kill Coffee and me?
Who's most powerful among us lately?
A new head of "Fire"...
called Wulf,
is getting lots of support
Fxxk! Those newcomers never know what's right
Just popping up from nowhere
Godfather doesn't like him much
He clashed with Coke not too long ago
Good for him
Coke is very treacherous
Some years ago, I had some interest in
running for Dragon Head
He wouldn't even be close,
if it hadn't been for Godfather
and the other uncles pulling strings
It's got to be Coke! He wants another term,
Coffee and I could be in his way
So he put a price on our heads
Don't you agree?
In fact, those uncles nominated Coke...
and me already
You are the right choice
But why did you give the order to kill me?
I didn't, Chuck!
No joke, man!
I have never had such thought! Not me!
I'm running simply on "Metal's" behalf
Now that you're out
You should take charge again
I didn't do it! It wasn't me!
Luke!
Although you're under me,
we've known each other since primary school
And you got injured while saving my life
Even if I order you to take my life now,
you would kill yourself first!
How could you want my life? Are you nuts?
I was just kidding you, man!
You never laugh at my jokes!
It's no fun to crack jokes
for people like you, really no fun!
Have you a charger?
Yes! I have one
Here!
- Hey!
- It can't go in
Those cunning businessmen are like that
A new phone always comes with a new plug
They make more money this way
I'll get you an old cable later
A new version comes in from time to time
If I'd spent longer in jail, everybody
would be driving a space shuttle
Touch wood! Let's go to the sauna first
Hold it! Let me give her a surprise
Let me help you, Chuck!
Chuck
Sweetie!
I'm leaving
Oh yeah, go see my son first
My son!
Your dad is back, sonny
Hello?
Look who's back? Your Dad!
I recognize you
Call me "Dad"
What about Uncle Luke?
You came home so late
He had to sleep
Don't you want to call me dad?
Call me father then
Old pop is OK, too
Say it!
Why raise your voice? Go away!
- Mom!
- That's the first thing you do to your son!
It's all right!
Get up
It's OK! Good boy!
Go back to sleep, lie down
It's OK
Don't touch me!
What kind of mother are you? Look at you!
Your son can't tell who his father is!
What kind of father are you then?
What have you done for your family?
All you know is fighting!
You even fought on your big day today
Don't touch me!
You didn't want him to know
his father was in jail
His schoolmates always ask...
"Why does your dad never show up?"
What do you want him to say?
His answer would be easier if you were dead
Or do you want me to tell the whole
world you just got out of jail today
Please come to our party and celebrate?
The head of Jing Hing's "Metal" gang!
That's who you were
But not any more!
Didn't she expect that when she married me?
My men are ready to defend my life
Why is my wife like that?
I really don't understand women
But it doesn't matter, I have my men!
10, none, 10, none
You're cheating!
OK, cheers!
You just want free drinks!
You're the boss here
Of course my drinks are free
I want to play, boss!
No need, I'll just pinch them
Come on, let me pinch them
- Chuck!
- Your chick?
Never mind her
Since you're out, all the boys
will go back to you
Oh, whoever, it makes no difference
Let's deal with it later!
- It finished charging already
- Yeah, it's very fast
Look at these plugs you bought, amazing!
So many!
One has got to fit, fxxk it if not!
I'm looking at the incriminating evidence,
want to join me?
No, boss
It's just the killing, have a look
No, thank you!
I'll have a drink
Look, Chuck!
I'm pregnant!
You're gonna be a father!
I love you!
We'll be very happy
Let's go
So early?
- Let's watch the show first
- No!
Congratulations, Chuck!
Have a drink first
I'm sleepy
I changed from an night owl
to an early bird in jail
I hit the sack at 9 something
It's so late, I'm leaving!
- Chuck!
- Cheers
Go home to your wife
You're doing the right thing
I have a lot to learn from you
You took good care of them
- Someone will give you a ride
- OK!
"Sour grapes" (meaning unattainable women)
But when you can eat them,
they excite you instead
Her name is Coco
She has made it clear to me that...
understanding women isn't important
Because women aren't for men to understand,
But for men to...
A grown man having no sex for 5 years,
the strength he accumulates...
is like a nuclear bomb exploding
- Here I come! I'm coming
- No! Hold it!
- How?
- Hold it!
Now is best time to tell your fortune
You can't be serious
I'm here to fxxk, and you want
to tell my fortune?
Shuffle the cards!
You and your wife quarreled
That's nothing unusual
No, not yet!
Hold it!
Unbelievable, Chuck!
It's the Emperor! You'll be appointed
Dragon Head of Jing Hing
You'll be the Dragon Head of Jing Hing!
You'll be in charge of Jing Hing...
OK!
I want to be the Dragon Head of Jing Hing!
Chuck!
Was she OK, Chuck?
I want to be the Dragon Head of Jing Hing!
What do you think?
Good idea!
Well, have you asked what we think, too?
Only us four can decide on the candidates
It's not up to you to say...
who's in or out
We aren't dealing with a club membership
What's the point of keeping things
that are no use to us?
7 of sticks
I want it. Done!
I don't mean to disagree with you
But Luke is Chuck's blood-brother,
and he's willing to give him the candidacy
So Chuck should be a pretty good boss
I understand
Spare me some time
I'll prove to you why I deserve your nomination
That's the right thing to do!
Nobody can complain that
we never give the young a chance
That's true!
Thank you all!
Hey!
Ask not what Jing Hing can do for you;
ask what you can do for Jing Hing
It's OK, take the goods in
Wrap the goods, quick!
Keep an eye on them!
Make it quick
Bye, Daddy!
Did you hear that?
My son called me "Daddy"
And more and more kids call me boss
It has only taken us a few months...
to double the income of "Metal"
They won't have any excuse not to nominate me
I'm earning my 5 lost years back
What brings you here, Chuck?
Not your massage service
We're taking over this place
Call Luke if there's any trouble
But we're already looked after, Chuck
Of course you are!
That's why I came to tell you
this place has changed hands
Fxxk you!
Everything has changed and so have we
The Triad society must change, too
The Triads had nothing to do
after the downfall of the Qing Dynasty,
and were forced to go into shady businesses
Not everyone can stick to
what he first started for
Because some can't see too far
You can really do anything to get what you want
You don't know where to stop, Chuck,
because you've just got out
These blocks have always been ours, Lei Hing
What is "have always been"?
Have you been in charge here
since you were a school kid?
Don't tell me we triads can't change the rules
We have no Basic Law
You idiot!
Lei Hing and Jing Hing aren't supposed
to bother each other
That's not how I look at it
Lei Hing and Jing Hing
come from the same source
Does that mean you'll share the money
you make with me?
So, no deal?
Close the gate!
Who's in charge here?
I, Chuck,
not only want to take back what was mine,
but also what was not mine
Mr. Lam, what's your occupation?
He's a very very big boss
Very very big
Big boss of a...very organized organization
Entertainment!
Yes, entertainment business,
also shops protection, drugs
Drugs?
Drug store
Drug store!
- It's...
- You know, Causeway Bay
Many many milk powder!
Your father is a very busy man
What does he do with you during your holidays?
He reads me newspapers
and tells me stories about superheroes
Smart boy!
So Mr. Lam, why did you apply to our school?
I love my son
My son is the breast (meaning best)
I want breast (best!)
You are the breast (best)
The school...very organized
My family...very organized!
Are you familiar with our school vision?
What is -sion?
I have no idea!
Sorry, Sir, telephone, sorry, sorry, sorry
Lei Hing's Eugene is making trouble, Chuck
He messed up five of our bars
two of our men were injured
Must you call me on such mickey-mouse business?
I'm meeting with the school principal
Don't you know how to chop, man!
What happened, Mr. Lam?
Oh, you can speak Chinese, Mr. Principal!
That's good
The Philipino maid you hired
really makes no sense
I sent her to Shem Tseng
to buy a barbecued goose
She called and asked if the roast goose
should be chopped
Yeah, right!
Understood
Good for you!
For people like we triads,
other than going out to chop,
we must always be ready to get chopped, too
No reservation required
Two bosses died within 24 hours
Whenever a boss falls like a shooting star,
everyone must start wondering...
who took his life?
Coke's funeral must be decent and proper, OK?
Hello, hello, hello?
It is most important to bring back my dog!
The doctor has arrived
The report came out
It's not looking good at all,
you'd better be prepared
No more shit, how much time is left?
Your cancer has spread
About a year
A year? Can't be any more than that?
- 12 months
- Fxxk!
I suspect Coke was taken down by Wulf
But people out there think I did it
It fxxking hurts!
I admit...
I thought of doing it, but didn't
Have you got those uncles settled?
Especially that Godfather,
he's always a pain in the ass
Godfather thinks Chuck killed Coke
Everybody out there is alert and anxious
I'd better get more men to protect you
Do you remember "negative selection"
that a professor taught us about?
Yeah
A person at the core of power...
always pick incapable people
to run in an election,
simply to make sure that nobody
can disrupt his power structure
That's why. Godfather is worried that
you're too smart for him
I don't want him feel intimidated by me
I want to earn his "like"
Welcome to Club Mix, Godfather
Happy birthday!
Godfather, we have a spa,
Mahjong, karaoke, clubbing
Not bad
But this is most profitable:
Debt rescheduling
Focusing on loans to the police
No identification papers required
All we need is your ID card and mobile number
Express service for the disciplinary force
Isn't the ID card an identification paper?
Happy birthday, Godfather
Wishing you a long and blessed life, Godfather
Ying of "Water"
Many good years are yet
to come for you,
- Godfather
- Thank you!
- Long of "Wood"
- Right!
For you, Godfather!
Long life to you!
Sai Wah of "Earth",he's the new Head
Godfather
Uncle Sky, Uncle Earth, and Uncle Man
are waiting for you in the VIP room
Did I say something wrong?
How the hell would I know?
Chuck is going in with his gang, Sir
All those with the right
to vote for Dragon Head,
other than the 4 old farts,
are the 5 gang leaders
Uncle Earth and Uncle Man have
borrowed nearly 10 million from me
They'll have to pay me back with their votes,
if not their loan interest,
which means I have 4 votes in hand now
Just 1 more vote...
is all I need to win
It seems that Godfather is on your side
That asshole Chuck has arrived
Chuck!
You're very late
We haven't met, have we?
- Who is he?
- Fxxk!
Wulf of "Fire"
Wulf! Oh, I've heard of you
The handsome triad prince!
Is Godfather here?
He's in the VIP room
- Let's take our presents to him
- Hey!
He's in the middle of a meeting
about the Dragon Head election
Please don't interrupt
What is there to talk about?
No one fights better than we "Metal" guys
Nowadays we prefer intelligence, Luke
Kiddo!
Triads always go for outstanding fighters!
Intelligent men should gather...
under the Canal Road Flyover to play chess
Fellas
Godfather and the 3 uncles have
come to a consensus that...
the electoral candidates are...
Wulf and Chuck
The election is to be conducted
10 days from now
- Uncle Sky, cheers!
- Cheers!
This bottle is for here
And this is for you
Take it home and enjoy it
Thank you
I told you, I don't aim at these things
Of course not!
You can't beat Wulf with that
I practice Taichi, I believe in equilibrium
An election is supposed to keep
the balance of power
What's most important now is...
to piss off Godfather
All these years,
the fun of sitting on top of a million men...
has been overshadowed by bending under one
The pleasure isn't mine
Certainly not!
Cheers!
The bosses of both "Water" and "Earth"
are from rich families
They never care about money
This is even easier
Drugs and pretty
So their votes are mine
Wulf used to be an undercover cop
I know!
Once a cop, now a triad boss
Fxxk! Do you expect him
to tell you if he's still a cop?
Once a "25 man" (meaning insider),
always a "25 man"!
Don't worry!
We "Wood" and you "Metal"...
are in the same boat, sharing the same goal
OK! Big bucks forever!
Sign this memo for me, Daddy
Memo?
Let me see
Sign here, right?
You haven't put down
your student number yet. What is it?
25?
How is it possible my son is
a "25" (meaning insider)?
Tell Mom to get you a new number
in school tomorrow!
- Clear?
- Yes!
I hate "25" boys
I thought you quit smoking
Nonsense!
I heard that you've been doing
good business recently
Well, double-figure increases every month
Thanks for your help
I need your help, too
There have been lots of rumors
about Jing Hing lately
An election is coming up, that's why
What for?
It's always the same old farts running
the same old show anyway
No!
When I get in, it'll be a whole new show
My men are working their asses off,
all because of Jing Hing
Whining and complaints everyday
It's all that Chuck guy's fault
I want a soft landing when I retire
You must help me to maintain stability
That's why I asked...
to chat with you here, Mr. Xu
If you could get rid of Chuck,
and bring order out of chaos for me,
as soon as I take over,
I guarantee no more trouble
You have my word
- Have you seen this?
- Chuck
- Don't make trouble here, please!
- What are you talking about?
Our boss is Wulf
Please get out if you're not having fun
Put this on Wulf's tab, OK?
Fxxk off!
Fxxk! You...why did you
come across to this side?
We didn't come to get drunk
We came to make trouble!
Fxxk you, asslicker
Bugger off!
Go away!
Get lost!
Fxxk you
Wulf, Chuck is filling our place
Where is he?
Over there
Chuck's men have taken all the tables, Wulf
Howdy, Chuck?
Is there anything not to your liking?
So few drinks!
How about I send all the girls over for you?
As the election is around the corner
I have to come visit the neighborhood,
check out the bars,
Do some lobbying
Only you and I are eligible for votes
Lobbying? How about lobbying me!
Do you know why I came with my gang?
Because I'm scared
In fact, I came to beg you
I joined Jing Hing in Grade 9,
and have always wanted to serve it
Coffee and I were put in jail
on the same day, you must know that
7 years for me, 5 for him
But I hated going to jail,
so I tried hard not to make trouble in there,
hoping to get out sooner
I held myself back every time
I saw that shithole
But he did the opposite
My grandpa was right
He said I was born tough,
so I survive, no matter what
I got out on time, but Coffee's term
got longer and longer
Finally, we were released on the same day
Not only that, I saw him killed right
in front of me
Fxxk! Blood was all over the place!
I was frightened,
wondering...
if even God wanted me
to continue being what I am?
That day I got out,
thinking to go home to fxxk my wife,
but she didn't let me
So I left home to fxxk somebody else
Then I bumped into this hot chick
She danced, this and that. It was wonderful!
I took her to a hotel, I kept screwing...
and was just about to jerk off
Suddenly she asked me to stop,
and wanted to tell my fortune
"What? You can't be serious?"
She said it is best to tell a man's fortune
at that very moment
She said my fortune told that...
I would be Jing Hing's next Dragon Head
Triads are always most superstitious
Therefore, with these signs
and scent and all that,
if I wasn't the one,
who was? You?
Well?
- Finished talking nonsense?
- Yes!
- Finished?
Escort Chuck to the door
No! Your honor
You are still young, and I'm too old
Why don't you let me take the job?
I really want to be elected
Let me tell you what I think
I really fxxking want to
be the Dragon Head, too
Then you're dead!
Fxxk! Are they going to a battle?
Mr. Tsui
Your muscles are very firm,
are you out here patrolling?
Someone reported that the triads
were making trouble
Who are the triads?
Are you? Identification!
We're doing our job
Those who don't want to get involved, leave!
Those working on a salary must do their job!
We're going home to hit the sack
The show is over
Fxxk! Nutcase, you make no sense
What did you say?
- What did you say?
- What?
Are you a triad?
Fxxk! I have no idea what you're talking about
Go get him a lawyer
- Come out here, if you're with me
- Moron!
- Are you nuts?
- Are you looking for trouble?
We're shopping, what has it got to do with you?
- I could take you in right now
- Stay cool!
- Fxxk!
- No nonsense!
I have 3 votes from the uncles
Both "Water" and "Earth" will go behind my back
Along with my own vote, totally 6
I've already won
Hello, Sky? I'm not feeling well,
I need a check-up in the hospital
Let's have the vote earlier
How many of you, Miss?
I'm looking for someone
- Who?
- Luke
Who?
Luke
Just a second
You've lost! This is the one!
- Drink it!
- Me?
- Yeah, drink it!
- I just feel thirsty!
Police! Identification! Music off! Lights on!
What's the problem?
Shut up!
Shut up! Everybody on one side!
Against the wall!
- Against the wall!
- What are you doing?
Go back to your seat!
- I want to talk to your boss
- What is this?
Sir!
You come in 3 days a week,
we're losing business!
I need to make sure there are no wet-backs...
or missing girls hiding here
This one is underage for sure, Sir!
Identification! Don't move!!
Don't be rude, madam!
This is my duty!
Stand over there!
She doesn't work here, we don't know her
Save it, man!
Jasmine Atkinson
You are not 18 yet, and have no work permit
Do you know tourists working in Hong Kong
is against the law?
I didn't come here to work
Then what were you doing in that bar?
Looking for my dad
Looking for your dad?
What now? Can I go?
You may
Take your daughter, Jasmine
What?
Take your daughter, Jasmine, with you
Did you have your first love 16 years ago?
She's Jasmine's mom
Grandpa and granny sent Mom to the UK...
when she got pregnant
They forbade her to stay in touch with you
How's your mom?
She married my stepfather when I was 6
He was pretty nice to me
But not his daughter
She's 2 years older;
she bullied me day and night
How could she? You're so smart!
How do you know I'm smart?
You came all the way here to look for me
And went to the bar all by yourself
You've travelled even farther away
than your mom
I found something Mom kept...
when we moved
So unexpected
Did you get her this?
Yes!
I made it for her myself
The technical school I went to...
was on the next block down
from your mom's prestigious school
Was she mad at me?
She never mentioned you
What about you? Are you mad at me?
I just feel that you owe me a fair childhood
I'm sorry!
Back then I really didn't know anything
When your mom disappeared,
I really thought she wanted to
stay away from a guy like me
I know what kind of guy you are
May I...
Don't pick a man like me in future
I find you very cool
You've watched too many gangster films
We aren't like that in real life
Really? What are you like then?
Which film is closer to real life?
"Young and Dangerous", "Election",
or "Laughing Gor-Turning Point"?
Your Cantonese must've come from
these Hong Kong films
Actually, the reason I returned...
Hello?
All of a sudden the oldies
want to vote tonight instead
Something is going on
Some people said Wulf spent
80 million to buy votes
We'll call out the names selected
Wulf
Chuck
One more for Wulf to win
This isn't the right way to vote!
This isn't fair!
Give me that!
What are you doing? You can't afford to lose?
Yes, I can!
But not this way!
Don't you see what the problem is?
So many of us have been with Jing Hing
for so many years
Why are only 9 men eligible to vote
when it comes to picking a Dragon Head?
Fxxk! Might as well not vote!
If we have a vote, every one of us
should be eligible
There has never been such a rule for Jing Hing
Put that bowl down
Continue!
Hey! Stop that
The votes he swallowed are invalid, Godfather
It's 4 to 2 now, I win!
I'm Jing Hing's new Dragon Head
To hell with you!
How dare you tell Godfather what to do!
How dare you collude with the police...
and infringe on we blood brothers' benefits
You are a "25 man" (meaning insider)
What are you talking about?
You liar!
PC6722! You're a "25 man"
What are you talking about?
Fight me!
Fighting in Godfather's presence
is very disrespectful!
Teddy-boys don't do that,
the police do
You are of high virtue and respect, Godfather
You set up the rules of our election
But do you know everything is 1-man-1-vote
out there in the world?
Concerts in the Hung Horn Coliseum
are also 1-man-1-ticket
I'm a small potato
You may veto me
But can you veto our time
Brothers
A chosen Dragon Head...
can infringe on all your benefits!
Why are only a few men eligible to vote?
Why not 1-man-1-vote?
I'm asking you
Do you want the right to vote?
I do!
Your voice is heard
So fxxking loud
Everyone return to where you belong to vote...
3 days from now
1-man-1-vote
Hurray!
Thank you!
Make the right choice and
vote for the right man
I'm Chuck, yes!
Take a look, dude!
A book I read in jail says...
change must happen in history,
yet whoever happens to be the hero...
is incidental
It could be Dick, it could be Harry,
It could be Chuck
I think I have changed history
Please vote for me, Chuck...
to be the next Dragon Head, fellas!
In future, will my name...
appear in the Triad Section
of the police museum?
I'm Chuck
Please cast your sacred vote for me, thank you
Where are you from, young man?
Jing Hing, Chuck
Perfect! Please vote for me
Thank you
Your wife called, Chuck
She said it's Chuck Junior's birthday tomorrow;
go home for supper
I remember that
I'm leaving
OK! Wooing hot chicks?
- Good for you!
- So long!
Are you a triad?
Are you a Jing Hing member?
Gonna vote?
Come on!
Give it a try, a little try
- Hello?
- Chuck
Wulf ordered not to charge fees of any kind...
for any Jing Hing members applying for loans...
from his finance company
The interest-free period
got extended indefinitely, too
30% off in my massage parlor, free hand-jobs!
I was on the phone!
How is she, doctor?
Your daughter has serious kidney failure
She needs long-term dialysis,
and isn't fit for a long trip
Don't let her do that again
Thank you, doctor
Thank you
You shouldn't have come...
such along way to me. You're ill
I came...
to beg you to go to the UK with me
I need your kidney
Mom's doesn't fit
I'm not on the priority list,
only God knows how long I need to wait
You didn't give me my childhood
Will you give me my future?
I study well in school
I work very hard
I know I can get into Oxbridge
I really don't want to
die right after university
I haven't had any relationship,
and there are many things I want to do
I owe you all that
Are you a good boy today?
- Yes!
- Yeah?
Get in the car
Be careful
Hello!
See what I've got you
Happy birthday! Do you like it?
Yes!
Well, what are we having for supper tonight?
I thought you had arranged that
You called to remind me for supper, man
I meant to remind you to make a reservation
for what you like to eat
Don't tell me you made no reservation
I'm just responsible for paying,
not to make a reservation,
All right, no supper then!
It's a public holiday today, we can't go
anywhere without a reservation
No exceptions for a big boss
I don't want to argue on
our son's birthday, I'll do it now
"Open Rice", right?
Get me back my car, Mom
Naughty boy
- Where is it?
- The bottom of your chair!
Just a second
So much garbage!
How about Chiu Chow food?
What is this?
Don't tell me it's a cleaning cloth!
Let's be civilized parents
Don't quarrel in front of our kid, OK?
OK!
What are we going to eat, Dad?
What does your mom want?
No WhatsApp, no calls, nothing
She's mad at you
Because you're naughty!
I was like that even before she married me
Why did she still marry me?
Did she say I'm naughty?
Mom said you went to jail
Is it true?
Of course I did, so what?
Many high-ranking officials
have gone to jail, too
But teacher said only bad people go to jail!
Well, your teacher was too superficial
There are many goods among the bads
Yeah? Are there bads among the goods, too?
Even more!
But you won't understand it until you grow up
But I want to understand it now
It's just like this dessert,
is it black or white?
Black
Then you're too superficial
Look, there is white, too
That's why...
Sweetie!
Mom!
Run!
Freeze!
Drop the knife!
It's OK, don't be scared!
Where's your medicine? Your medicine?
Is he all right?
Call an ambulance! Ambulance!
Calling control!
Junction of Kwong Wa Street
and Yin Chong Street
A boy is injured, calling for backup, over
It's all right!
Do you know who the killers are?
No!
Have you offended anyone lately?
Do you have any enemies?
I'm no policeman like you
You know what I do
I was running in the street,
What has it got to do with you?
Why did you save me?
Chuck Lam!
You triad asshole!
No matter how much an asshole you are,
I would still save you!
Because I'm a policeman!
Your son suffered an asthma attack;
he was taken in too late
[Chuck Calling]
[Passport of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region]
[British National (Overseas) passport]
[Chuck Calling]
[Missed Call]
I couldn't find Luke
Call in all our men
There won't be any more "Fire" gang...
after tomorrow
Let's wipe them all out tonight, deal?
Deal!
Excuse me!
I'm out, Chuck!
I want to join you!
Perfect timing!
From time to time,
there are always capable youngsters
I'm counting on you!
Thank you, boss
We'll change history tonight, shall we?
Yes!
Jing Hing will not be the same from now on
Remember this
The first kill is the most difficult
After that you won't want to stop
What's for Jing Hing tonight?
You'd better help to maintain order,
cool things down
Do you think I can do it?
Chuck and Wulf want no Dragon Head
They want to seize power
They do not respect us,
keep bragging they want to change
If they get elected,
you would have a very hard time, too
There's nothing I can do
Quiet!
Everybody be quiet!
Everybody shut up!
What are you people doing here?
Can't we shop and walk here?
Who's your boss?
My wife and son died...
because I want to be elected Dragon Head
So If I fail,
their deaths are worth nothing
It all depends on who they pick
One-man-one-vote;
it's more fair that way, you said so
Fair or not is none of my fxxking business
The choice isn't theirs
You and I are chosen by the uncles
I don't want fairness!
I want to be the Dragon Head
Don't we always get along?
We talk about solving problems
You wanted someone turned in to close a file
I'd turn in someone
You wanted some dirty business done,
I'd get it done for you
No charge
Everything is in good order,
harmonious, and stable
Chuck and Wulf are going
to finish each other tonight
One of them is finished for sure,
even better if both are killed
Don't get between them
Jing Hing will still need a Dragon Head...
if they both die
I am always the Dragon Head
OK, I know what to do
Let's go!
Go!
No one can tell me what to do
for as long as I live
Just a yes-man to fill the job.
So many of them to choose from
Jing Hing will not change,
everything will remain intact
Police cars and ambulances are just standing by
The headline tomorrow will be,
"Police smash triads"
How impressive! A good record for you, too
Actually I really want to know...
Did your men kill my wife?
Did you give the order to kill me?
Simply "Yes" or "No",
nobody can get away, anyway
What?
Nothing to be afraid of, are you?
Nonsense!
Don't think I've no guts
Yes! I did it, so what?
Then it's time for you to pay back...
with your whole gang
Fight!
Fxxk, fight!
Time to take action, Sir!
Don't tell me what to do
Wait a little longer!
Plenty of them will die
It's better for the triads;
they will be less crowded
You asshole
Coke took my money, General
I want him in hell tomorrow
Copy!
When Chuck got hurt, guess who's the first guy
he would think of?
Wulf
Help!
It really hurts! Help!
It hurts so much! Help!
Police! Drop the knife!
It really hurts!
Don't move! Hang on!
It hurts very much, Sir! Help!
It really hurts!
But teacher said only bad people go to jail!
Well, your teacher was too superficial
There are many goods among the bads
Yeah? Are there bads among the goods, too?
Even more!
Three months after I died,
Godfather was gone, too
People said that he died badly
Piss and shit were all over him in bed
After all, he died in his own shit